Add SCRAM to v22.2 release notes (#15855)
cockroachdb/docs: _includes/releases/v22.2/v22.2.0-alpha.1.md

- Certain less-secure TLS 1.2 cipher suites are no longer supported. Clients more than five years old may fail to connect. CockroachDB now matches the "recommended" cipher list of the IETF defined in [RFC 8447](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8447). [#82362][#82362]
- Changed access requirements to some observability features. Databases/tables/schema endpoints for admin UI require `admin` or `VIEWACTIVITY`. `EXPERIMENTAL_AUDIT` requires `admin` or `MODIFYCLUSTERSETTING`. SQL login requires that the `NOSQLLOGIN` or equivalent role are not set. [#85769][#85769]
- HTTP API endpoints under the `/api/v2/` prefix now allow requests through when the cluster is running in insecure mode. When the cluster is running in insecure mode requests to these endpoints will have the username set to `root`. [#86417][#86417]

> - [SCRAM](../v22.2/security-reference/scram-authentication.html) is now the default password authentication method. Existing users with passwords will be automatically upgraded to use SCRAM when they next login to the cluster. [#74301][#74301]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SCRAM](../v22.2/security-reference/scram-authentication.html) is now the default password authentication method. Existing users with passwords will be automatically upgraded to use SCRAM when they next log in to the cluster. [#74301][#74301]
```

Author: done!
